hey guys faster gridlock here welcome to
Wednesday Night Live Bible study right
here at global vision Bible Church in my
little cabin s office if you will and I
look forward to giving you tonight the
word of the Lord last week we didn't do
a live Bible study but did something a
little bit later in the week and our
folks are truly anticipating what the
Lord is going to speak into our spirits
tonight I'm going to be in just a moment
in second Timothy chapter 3 and I'm
going to talk after we pray about the
last days obviously this is not going to
be an exhaustive type message we're
going to expositionally go through
several verses here in 2nd Timothy
chapter 3 but it can take us a long time
to talk about all the details the ins
and the outs of the last days maybe you
know that 427 Wednesday nights a few
years ago we went first by verse
line-by-line chapter by chapter through
the book of the revelation and what an
exciting time it was well we're going to
jump right in right now share this live
feed so that thousands of people to get
the message of the gospel of Jesus
Christ but I want you to bow with me
let's pray right now as for the Lord's
favor as for his power to be upon us his
face to shine upon us and for great
wisdom and discernment as we navigate
the text of the word of God and then for
just a few moments tonight we're going
to study the Bible together and I'm
super encouraged that you're watching
right now let's pray father tonight we
come to you in the mighty wonderful name
of Jesus Christ and I ask that you would
help me as I teach for the next few
moments thank you so much for this
medium this platform of Facebook I pray
that you would bless the many many folks
that are watching now the many folks
that will watch later may they share it
right now may this be our evangelistic
opportunity to invite people to Facebook
right now to hear the message of the
Word of God
feel me to overflowing as I teach fill
my friends to overflowing as they listen
keep every distraction to a minimal and
Lord tonight yet glory unto yourself in
Jesus name Amen and amen
I tell people often that God has two
days on his calendar today and that day
today and that day my Bible says that we
are to be ready because we never know
when the Lord Jesus Christ is going to
return the very next event on God's
prophetic calendar on God's prophetic
timetable
is the snatching away the kidnapping is
a rapture of the Church of the Lord
Jesus Christ but we have to understand
that there are some things that lead up
to that moment now I am convinced that
it could happen at any moment there are
no treaties that need to be signed there
are no people that need to be on the
throne or in office I believe that Jesus
could come at any moment that is a
fundamental conviction of my heart but
I'm gonna show you what leads up to the
day and age in which we are living what
are the signs of the times as it were
and by the way they've been going on as
we'll see in this text for a very long
time 2nd Timothy chapter 3 the Apostle
Paul is writing to young Timothy who was
kind of his young Protege he had led
this young men to Christ and he had
disciple him and he begins to tell him
about the disciplines and the dangers of
being involved in the ministry of Jesus
Christ so he's talking to this young
preacher about standing truth in a
buckwild culture that is gone against
the truth of the word of God and so
here's what he says this know also now
that's a very important phrase because
he's been teaching for several chapters
know this do this know this do this but
then he says there's something else you
need to know there's one thing ladies
and gentlemen that you and I need to
realize we will never come to an end of
the knowledge the wisdom and the
understanding of the word of God it
would take you a thousand lifetimes to
dive to the depths of the goldmine of
God's precious word there's so much
there so he said look I've taught you a
lot but this know also there's something
else you need to know he says that in
the last days perilous the word perilous
means dangerous if you wheel perilous
times shall come now we can stay in
verse number 1 for 45 minutes but we'll
obviously not do it tonight let me just
say when he says this know also in the
last days there's a couple thing about
the phrase last days that we need to
encircle in our heart number 1 he said
last days two thousand years ago nearly
when he wrote it
and so if he was living in the last days
then just subtract two thousand years
and we're that much closer to the return
of the Lord Jesus Christ the king is
coming and every single day we get
closer and closer and closer people say
where are the signs of his coming we've
been waiting on Jesus for 2,000 years
and you evangelical
Jews have lost your ever-lovin mind
you've been saying that for a long time
well guess what Skippy it took him four
thousand years to show up the first time
so we're way ahead of the curve as it
were prophetically and so he says these
are the last days you'll also notice
that he doesn't defend that phrase it's
the assumed truth of the text God says
we are in the last days and as we
encroach further and further and further
unto the coming of the Lord these are
the signs of those last days this is
what the culture will look like if you
will
dangerous times shall come
notice he did not say they might come he
didn't say it's perhaps a chance that
they will come no he said without a
doubt as sure as you and I are watching
this video right now these dangers they
shall come and guess what the dangerous
perilous days are here right this very
moment that is undeniable what we're
about to read is going to see as if
we're on Facebook Twitter Instagram and
what reading the newspaper watching Fox
CNN because what we are going to see in
this text is the same thing that we're
seeing every single day of our life now
let me just stop and say this that
encourages me matter of fact more than
encourages me that fires me up that
excites me to no end to know that this
book we call the Bible the bibl II yes
that's the book for me it is coming to
life every single day people like well
you know I just don't know if the Bible
is true Titus 1:2 God cannot lie all
Scripture is given by inspiration of God
you can believe the Bible because one of
the things that keeps it from being
disproven is the fact that every day we
are watching it leap off the page grab
this culture about the jugular vein and
shake the church out of its cold
lethargic apathetic lazy condition the
Bible is being fulfilled moment by
moment black and white before our very
eyes and so we are here in the last days
and notice what he says about these last
days for men he's talking about mankind
in general for men shall be lovers of
their own sales now if we stop right
there ladies and gentlemen that would be
enough men shall be lovers of their own
selves we are living in a culture where
people absolutely positively love
themselves they're consumed with
themselves pamper themselves love
themselves buy for themselves do for
themselves everybody's trying to figure
out what can I do to be number one
you know the Bible teaches that a man is
to deny himself take up his cross daily
and follow Jesus Christ which means we
can't even really call ourselves
followers until willing to die to our
wants and wishes and dreams and goals
and follow Jesus at no one else
Galatians 2:20 I am crucified with
Christ nevertheless I live yet not i but
Christ lives within me and the life
which I now live in the flesh I live by
the faith of the Son of God who loved me
and who gave himself for me that's why
Paul said shall we continue in sin that
grace may abound god forbid how should
we that are dead to sin live any longer
therein that's why he said set your
affection Colossians 3 and verse 1 on
things above not on things on the earth
because we're living in days we're both
people in the church and people outside
the church have become consumed with
themselves we call it selfishness for a
reason nobody had to teach any of my
kids how to be selfish they were born
selfish the Bible says we came forth of
our mother's womb speaking lies and day
by day week by week month by month year
by year it gets worse and worse and
worse we have to deny ourselves and yet
here the Bible says then one day just
before Jesus comes the culture will be
consumed with themselves and we are
there right now so men shall be lovers
of their own selves and here's the
results of that self-love covetous
they're gonna want more and more and
more by things you don't need with money
you don't have to impress neighbors who
don't care we said well I gotta keep up
with the Joneses well let me tell you a
little secret about the Joneses they're
broke they just won't tell you and we're
living in days when little plastic
genies are trying to get everybody out
of trouble by this pay later by now pay
later and I'm here to tell you you don't
need to worry about what you don't have
be grateful for
you do have because listen you don't
need to pray for God to bless you with
more what we need to pray and what we
need to live is for God to trust us more
because when God can trust you then God
will bless you the reason God doesn't
honor and bless us is because he can't
trust us with your stuff and so the
Bible says in the last days covetousness
materialism greed
gain is going to be more and more and
more and more the Bible doesn't say that
money is the root of all evil
it says the love of money is the root of
all evil you see if you love money you
will use people to get more money but if
you love people then you will use money
to reach more people and in this context
they sole of themselves that they spend
all their money on themselves their
covetousness I want a home I want mine
mine mine and then the Bible says their
boasters boasters about what mosters
about what they have vultures about how
good they are how wonderful they are how
many but one else a little kid I would
be over a little public school bus you
never those little jokes would always
tail and we're always trying to one-up
somebody well my daddy can whip your dad
here my mama's prettier than your mama
or I can beat you and we're always
trying to one-up somebody well guess
what adults still do that to this day
weren't boasters we're gonna get to a
place where we're heading in high-minded
and we're proud and he puts all of that
in one big huge group that he says the
proud people
you know proverbs 16:18 pride goes
before destruction and a haughty spirit
before fall proverbs 13 10 only only
only by pride comes contention first
Peter says in chapter 5 and verse 8 be
sober be vigilant because your adversary
the devil as a roaring lion walketh
about seeking whom he may devour and in
the next three verses he tells us what
keeps us from recognizing the attacks of
the devil he says that we're to humble
ourselves before the mighty hand of God
that he may exalt us because God resists
it's a military term it means to stand
against God resists the proud but he
gives grace and thank God he does to the
humble and so he says in the last days
people are going to be more proud and we
are certainly looking at that in these
days pride pride pride it's every where
you go let me stop say this we could do
an entire message on each and every one
on this laundry list but we're just
quickly going through tonight obviously
then it uses a very
right in the last days there'll be
blasphemers think about that blasphemers
now there's always been people that have
blaspheme God and blaspheme Jesus and
blaspheme the cross and blaspheme the
Bible blaspheme the Holy Spirit but we
seem to be living in days when people
are emboldened to blasphemy people have
no fear of God before their eyes in the
day and age in which we live I mean some
of the comments that people make on
Facebook perhaps even right now while
I'm preaching some of the things that
people say on Twitter and tik-tok some
of the the bold brazenness of people
that shake their little tiny
insignificant fists in God's face and
think they are all that and then some
well let me tell what Psalm 2 says he
that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh
the Lord shall have them in derision you
can declare Jesus Lord right now because
you want to or you can declare Jesus
Lord in the day judgment because you
have to but get this he's gonna get the
last laugh he is going to get the last
laugh and the Bible says that the world
will be filled with blasphemers and
we're certainly living in those days and
then he makes a very very interesting
analogy he says in the midst of all this
disobedient to paradise that crazy
disobedient dependence now there's a
difference in obeying your parents and
honoring your parents
I'm almost 44 years of age I have to
honor my mom I have to honor my dad I
honor my parents I don't have to obey
them because I'm a grown man I'm buried
have kids of my own so when he says
disobedient to panik's he's referring to
the younger generation and so one of the
ways that we know we're in the last days
is when the younger generation goes
crazy and they stop obeying their
parents have you ever seen in all of
your days so many smart-mouth crazy
cocky thousand mile teenagers social
media is filled to overflowing with them
and they're the biggest tik-tok videos
they're the biggest hashtags on
Instagram and Twitter why because
there's something to glorify about being
disobedient to parents and disobedient
to Authority well God says guess what
you better get a checkup from the neck
up and realize that that is one of the
great indicators that Jesus is well not
on his way when children are
disrespectful disobedient and
dishonouring to their parents there's
something to be said about that right in
the middle of all of these now
see things that God missed and he said
by the way kids make sure you obey your
parents it's what the Bible teaches then
he says they are unthankful Wow I'm
thankful I'm thankful for what I'm
thankful for whatever we have and the
reason a lot of people in the context
are covetous is because they can't be
grateful for what they have because
they're so ungrateful for what they
don't I wonder if you woke up tomorrow
with everything that you thank God for
today how much would you have think
about that if you woke up tomorrow with
only the things that you thank God for
today you don't you have probably like
your breakfast lunch and dinner if that
because we're like Lord Jesus please
bless this food that will let me down to
sleep we rarely thank God for anything
and the Bible says then in the last days
people will be unthankful general
there's only five times in the whole
Bible we talk about a big book don't
like five times that God says this is my
wiggle this is my wheel and everybody
wants to know what is the will of God
Pastor Locke only five times in the
Bible or in the New Testament where God
says this is the will of God you don't
one of them in the Bible says in 1st
Thessalonians 5:18 and everything give
thanks coming for this is the will of
God it's that simple you don't know
God's will be thankful quit grumbling
and quit being faithful have a bad
spirit be grateful for what you have
because if you have very little I
promise you someone else has a whole lot
less than you do we're mildly blessed
and the Bible says in the last days
people will be unthankful and then he
goes right and say they'll be unholy
they'll have a an aversion to separation
from the world they'll have an aversion
to holiness they won't like that word
now when I use the word of holiness I'm
not talking about a denominational
hierarchy I'm referring to the fact that
we're to be separate from this world we
are to be different Leviticus 11 44 be
holy for I am holy said the Lord God of
hosts
I had a man tell me years ago well
that's the Old Testament verse and so
you can't try to preach on holiness from
an Old Testament text and I told him sir
no disrespect but God like that verse so
much he sent it again in first Peter
1:18 be holy for I am holy saith the
Lord God of hosts God is love but he has
the holy love God is redemptive but it's
holy Redemption God is merciful but it's
holy mercy everything God is is from the
attribute from the overflow of his
divine glorious holiness and in this day
which we're living
that Paul talked about the last days
before Jesus returns guess what's going
to happen people are going to hate those
of us that talk about being homeland of
unholiness in the world and in the
church this is this without natural
affection now let that phrase sink in
for just a moment because we've been
taught that what without natural
affection means is homosexuality well we
know that homosexuality is a sin based
on the Bible that is not what this
context of teaching the Bible says in
the last days people will be without
natural affection no that means it means
they have no natural love for people
that are in their family it means that
mothers have no natural love for their
children that's why abortions at our
all-time high without natural affection
is referring to a parent not having a
biblical natural affection and
admiration for their kids and we are
living in those days families are as
schizophrenic and crazy as ever Evans
never been alive because parents don't
love their children the way the Bible
teaches they should be loved and so in
these last days without natural
affection is something that parents
something that children something that
family units as a whole are experiencing
and then he says this trucebreakers oh
my goodness I've never met so many
people that don't keep their word I mean
that was a day you could go to the bank
and borrow money on a handshake but
these days I mean they want a hair
follicle test you got a pic of the cup
and get your DNA and you got to take
blood do all this stuff because they
don't trust people because nobody keeps
their word anymore and the Bible says in
the last days people will be liars
they'll say one thing and do something
else
where are the days where people honestly
did what they said they were going to do
wow we got to bring those old-fashioned
days back there's no doubt about that
and in the last days trucebreakers will
be running rampant then false accusers
it is a list oh my goodness this is like
falling down a lot of steps
I mean list after list thing after thing
false accusers liars now you know where
most of the false accusers all these
things social media I mean look at all
these people they did this they said
this they did this over and over and
whether it's true or not people have
been brought into the situation falsely
accused the media gets ahold of it pours
gasoline it's a huge huge arsenal of a
fire and at the
the day a lot of people's lives have
been destroyed because of false
accusation can I remind you the Bible
doesn't just say thou shalt not lie
people like well you know the Bible says
Ten Commandments thou shalt not lie no
that is not that commandment the
commandment is thou shalt not bear false
witness against thy neighbor
that's the commandment so the
commandment isn't just that I won't lie
the commandment is I'm not gonna lie
against you and there's some people that
would rather lie on you than tell the
truth about you and the Bible says these
false accusers will be running rampant
in the streets before Jesus comes again
if then uses a weird King James word
incontinent in context what does that
mean it means they have no restraint it
means they don't have the ability to
turn off lust it means they're addicted
to pornography it means their life is
filled with perversity and ungodliness
is what they think about they look at it
they act that way dressed that way talk
that way walk that way there - consume
the incontinency of their heart the
inability to say no to wickedness knew
the Bible says in Proverbs 1 and verse
10 my son if sinners in types the
consent a lot what does that mean it
means just say no it means buck up put
on your big-boy pants and say no and the
Bible says in the last days there will
be people that have no restraint they
are open and eager to be involved in
whatever corruption they can find
themselves in it maybe uses the word
fierce that's nice right
fierce does that mean they go to the GM
and they're all beefed up no here's the
word and teenagers will love this it's
literally the word savage that there's a
fierceness about them there's an angry
savageness they're like animals they're
mean they're angry have you not seen
that in the news I mean people are
burning the streets of our city down
right now and don't even know why people
are mad on the news and don't even know
why the younger generation is mad the
older generation is mad they want their
lights they want their bikes this person
wants their bikes everybody to the
courthouse steps mad mad mad why because
we're living in days where people are
savage people are fierce and they just
want their way and well you can't have
one of these without the rest of these
they're all interconnected in these last
days despisers of those that are good
think about that despisers of those that
are good the Bible says this know also
that in the last days not only
perilous times come but there's another
time that Paul says this know also and
that is every single godly person is
going to suffer persecution it's not
hope so think so maybe so deacons going
to vote so it's a no so if you live for
God you are going to suffer persecution
now don't bring undue stupid persecution
upon yourself just because you do dumb
stuff
make sure it's spiritual persecution not
inflicted self-inflicted persecution but
he says right here in the last days
there will be people that despised those
of us that are good they don't want our
preaching they don't want our churches
they don't want our Jesus they don't
want our Bible they don't want our
holiness they don't want what is right
and they don't want us to stand up and
stand out and speak the glory of the
gospel they don't want that they hate
those that are good but guess what we're
in great company because jesus said for
righteousness sake if they hate you big
deal why because they first needed him
and if they hated him they're going to
hate us beware the Bible says when all
men speak well of you okay if everybody
has to like you if everybody loves
everything you say you are not saying
very much if anything at all you don't
have to be purposely offensive but in
these days if you stand for
righteousness there will be people that
despise you and you better go ahead and
just figure that out and that's okay
because it's what the Bible teaches and
then he says there's going to be
traitors all right people that stab you
in the back people that's gonna pull a
judas iscariot in your life well we
could preach on that for a long time if
you've ever been betrayed you know just
how empty and horrible that feels the
sleeplessness the anxiety so he said the
traitors the backstabbers are going to
be more and more heady the word Haiti
literally means to to rush headlong into
things that you know aren't right
nobody's gonna stop me nobody's gonna
tell me what to do I'm my own boss we
hear it all the time it's my body take
your hands off you don't get any rights
we hear it all time headiness all the
time high minded meaning by that we got
this mind of of hyannis high things
we're arrogant proud we walk around with
our backbone like a banty rooster
think we're all that and didn't summon
at any moment God and His grace could
cut us down to the ground he talks about
humility so often he talked about this
high mindedness that we had look lovers
of pleasure I think about that lovers of
pleasures more than lovers of God now he
could have left off them more than
lovers for God but it it gives it a
punch if you will to the phrase these
people love pleasure and not this love
pleasure they love pleasure more than
they love God
they love ungodliness more than they
love the Bible they love wickedness more
than they love church they love the
world what they love the things of God
they think more about the devil's
Kingdom than they do about God's kingdom
Colossians 1:13 says when we get saved
we're delivered from the kingdom of
darkness and translated into the kingdom
of God's dear son and yet these people
love pleasure love lust love immorality
love on godless more than they love God
which by the way that's why people
consistently live in sin because they
love their sin more than they love God
and that's why proverbs 18 says he that
love the Lord hate evil you can't have
it both ways if we love God we're going
to hate sin that doesn't mean we're
going to be perfect but it doesn't mean
that we're going to be different and the
closer we get to God the less we want to
be involved in sin as my grandfather
used to say the Bible won't make you
sinless but it'll make you sin a whole
lot less and I worried about hid in my
heart that I might not sin against thee
David said and so he said these people
love pleasure more than they love God
and then everything leads to this one
verse right here bang this is it after
this huge list after this long litany of
craziness he says these people having a
form of godliness they look the part
sometimes they dress the part they go to
church they tip God a $20 bill once a
week or once a month if you're not again
don't raise their hand they'll say hey
man they listen to Caleb and everyone
music and think of all the songs and
they know all the ends and now you know
just enough Bible to be unbelievably
dangerous and most of them go around
their whole life quoting Matthew 7:1
judge
judge not judge not and so they have a
form of godliness they're plastic
they're mannequins they come to church
but they are hollow as a gourd there's
not enough power in their lack of both
of those off a small peanut there's no
truth that there's nothing in their life
the monster typically that draws in to
the things of god having a form of
godliness but then this denying the
power thereof so they look like they're
Christians but at the end of the day
they're consumed with all of this
nonsense and they really don't have the
power of God
you know people these days because of
koban coronavirus for everyone to call
it whatever you believe about it or
don't believe about it if I was talking
about wearing a mask we're gonna should
we wear masks to church and wasn't you
kidding me I know people who didn't wear
a mask to church for 40 years of their
life that's all they ever do they wear a
mask they're classic they're fake they
think safe safe and if you were to
really peel back who they are you would
find out they are not at all the person
that they portrayed to be and our
churches in America are few people that
don't have the power of God because
their life has been zapped from the
power because they're living in sin they
have a form of godliness but they deny
the power thereof how many years ago
when I went to Ghana West Africa I for
the first time not in a zoo I mean in an
actual wild area I saw the chameleon and
I mean these things are unbelievable the
way that God and his sovereign wheel
dust has made these chameleons I mean
they've got these little veins in their
body somehow or another they can contort
and twist and trigger this and trigger
that and they can turn you know look
like blue jeans and make it look like a
gravel driveway they they can look like
green grass and I thought to myself that
is unbelievably amazing I mean think
about that
the chameleon can basically change
colors with its environment and I'll be
honest with you that is awesome for a
lizard but it stinks
for a Christian and there's a lot of
people in our churches they're
chameleons they're one way with this
crowd one color with this crowd talk
this way with this crowd they got the
righteous language and they got the
locker-room language and all through
their life they're up and down and all
around and even
the power that God wants to give them
why because they have a form of
godliness they're Hollow
there's no realness they get mad at
people who don't read their Bible yet
these people go home and they never read
their Bible they're always wondering
well do you go to church as much as I go
to church do you give as much as I give
they have what I call the Apostle Peter
syndrome what about him Lord what about
him Lord and Jesus said don't you worry
about him I'm telling you about your
life remember the old spiritual it's me
it's me it's me o lord standing in need
of prayer not my mother not my brother
but it's me O Lord standing in the need
of prayer if I hated my sin as much as I
hated everybody else's sin I've been
pretty good Christian now let me say
that again everybody if I hated my sin
as much as I hate everybody else's sin
I'd be a much better Christian and I
think you have got to get to a place
where we quit trying to fake it till we
make it stop putting on your Jimmy
Carter smile you have got to realize God
wants you to be real he wants you to be
the real deal
top of your head to the sole of your
feet quit being a think we have far too
many people that are unbelievably fake
that's one of the things that's wrong
with social media everybody's like oh my
goodness did you see that family picture
they look so beautiful
their marriage is so happy they're four
or five kids are just absolutely perfect
and you realize it took them 175 shots
and the camera had to be just right and
the angle had to be just right and they
had to stop this and stop this and stop
this and then do a filter why because
we're living in this world where
everybody thinks oh my goodness their
life is perfect though their life is a
crack fence just like your life but
sometimes we live in this fake plastic
world where everything seems to look
wonderful but we don't even have the
power of God preachers have lost the
power of God singers and worship leaders
have lost the power of God elders and
deacons and Sunday school teachers and
small group leaders and stay-at-home
moms and plumbers and electricians
we've lost the power of God because we
want to live in these sinful days in
these sinful ladies where these sinful
desires and the closer we get to the
coming of Christ the more the church is
going to be lukewarm and lacks a basic
one that's why revelation 3 says look
but wake it up you better wake up and
recognize Jesus Christ is coming again
get hot get cold and God says you make
me sick and I'm going to spew out of my
mouth
if you are lukewarm and the Bible says
they have a form of godliness they look
like they know what's happening they
look like they've got it all together
but behind closed door third life is
falling apart they deny the power
thereof and then he said this and we're
going to pray from such these people
these faith people from such turn away
now that means that means do not waste
another second of your life with these
people are so filled to overflowing with
toxicity do not waste another second of
your life with these people that will
never invest in you but they always want
you to invest and they don't waste your
time on people that say one thing and
live another don't waste your time on
church members that always want their
way but they never want God's way and we
are living in days when people are
unbelievably selfish they are selfish
and I'm telling you we are living in
days when people don't want to do things
for God that God to do things for them
people like well what you have for my
marriage at your church what do you have
for kids at the church what you have my
way of music and everybody has a
consumer mentality what can you do for
me what can you do for me how about you
show up at church or up your sleeve and
say hey what can I do for the kingdom of
God what can I do for this church what
can I do for this community how can I
make things better how can I make this
environment more electrifying the Bible
says from such turn away don't waste
your time with people that are not going
to do everything they can to surrender
and sacrifice their life for Jesus
Christ my grandfather used to say son if
you die with ten good friends you'll die
for your rich man and I believe with all
my heart in these last days it's hard to
find people that you can really confine
and trust in because people live in the
first part of the text and the book says
hey just cut those toxic people right
out of your life find you some people
that are pure and holy and godly and on
fire because when I hang around people
that love the Bible it makes me love the
Bible but I think there are people that
love preach
it makes people reach harder and longer
but I think around folks that love Jesus
and love their family it makes me want
to love Jesus and love my family that's
the kind of people I want to hang around
so if you can't see that we're living in
the last days then you're not paying
attention your head is in the sand and
you need to pull it out get your nose
out of the newspaper stick it in the
good book that we call the Bible and
realize these are the last days lift up
your eyes for your Redemption draweth
not
I don't know Jesus I don't know when
Jesus is coming I just know that he is
coming and I want to be ready and I want
to have my oil in the lamp as it were I
won't buy light burning and Jesus said
when I come again when I find any faith
on the earth
well I found any faithful people still
sticking by the stuff still walking the
old path still on the narrow way and I
don't know about you but I want to be
one of those individuals and so Paul
said to Timothy here's what you needed
up in the last days here is what it's
going to look like and the crazy thing
which we don't have time to develop
maybe next week and the rest of the text
after he mentions all this stuff and
then he mentions cut these people out of
your life he says some more about the
wickedness of these people and then he
says this but above all things
regardless of what they do you keep
doing right you keep being faithful you
keep pressing on you keep pressing it
you keep acting as if God is the only
person in your life then you care
anything about as far as his approval
you're not living for the approval of
man you're not living for the applause
of man you've got to get to a place
where you are willing to walk away from
anyone and anything but because these
are the last days we don't have time to
fiddle around we don't have time to mess
around life is short and Jesus is coming
again and my friend we have got to get
busy as the old timers used to say we
better make hay while the Sun shines
we better make hay while the Sun shines
Jesus put it this way work wallets yet
day because the night comes when no man
can work and I'm telling you right now
we are living in the last days may we
look up it may we be ready follow thank
you so much for all the people that have
tuned in to the live Bible study tonight
where you bless them I pray that you use
their life gloriously Lord do not with
us tonight
power of God don't let us have a form of
fake godliness may we have the real deal
fill us up from the top of our head to
the sole of our feet give us boldness
and courage in these last days to stand
have you done all to stand putting on
the entire armour of God because we are
in a battle bless this broadcast in
Jesus name Amen and they hit I love you
guys god bless you thanks for tuning in
please share this video I guarantee you
it'll help somebody else